Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/news/multicore/multicore-2020-01.md

## Benchmarking

> * The [Sandmark](http://bench2.ocamllabs.io/ - [1 Client error: Timeout was reached]) performance benchmarking infrastructure has been improved for backfilling data, tracking branches and naming benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Sandmark](https://github.com/ocaml-bench/sandmark) performance benchmarking infrastructure has been improved for backfilling data, tracking branches and naming benchmarks.
```
